hi everybody this is Lance Campbell from
lens capital com and today it's a bit of
a sad reality really my motorcycle shop
where i bought my street mate has closed
their doors and all of the stock that
they had is being auctioned today's the
viewing going to take a look at some of
the material and goods that they have up
for auction tomorrow and I know that
they have a bunch of moto multiple pets
so I'm hoping to have a look at those
and maybe maybe get one I don't know but
the reality is the building where they
used to be the owner needed it for
something else I think he wanted to open
up an e-bike shop so it's a bit of a
sign of the times really kind of sad you
know moped motorcycle shop getting close
down for electric bikes I guess that's
the way the winds blowing these days but
let's take a look at the material and
see what's there now here's something of
interest all these exhaust pipes they're
all in one lot and check it out there is
an a 55 one there's another a 55 one
there they got 12 technique gas friggin
thing here man this is nuts I think I
found what I'm looking for here
five
a 1000
for
looking good all the spare part manuals
for all the 20 most bikes a 53 a 35 shop
manual this is what I need oh well I
certainly would be remiss if I didn't
mention a few the collectible items that
are here up for auction let's have a
look here's a 1982 honda mb5 looking
pretty rusty but it's not bad here's a
1975 yamaha 75 and looks in really nice
shape here's a 1969 solex black but more
importantly behind it is the 1952 moby
let check this thing out
I
it's got a I think it's not original
tires on it for crying out loud those
are definitely original pedals or at
least they look like I can look at that
seat very very nice reverse brake handle
looking pretty rough a lot of rust but
for a hundred bucks I would consider it
that's for sure well I've got my bid
card number 163 so I'll be here tomorrow
to check out the action there's actually
a lot of people here showing up at the
beginning of the season in Montreal and
this is a highly enthusiastic riding
crowd for motorcycles mostly in scooters
and there are a lot of scooters in there
which I didn't show because scooters are
scooters there's a derby replica GTI
2004 derby replica with about 2,000
miles on it I think that's going to go
for something pretty because it's a
really neat-looking little bike and
again not a moped but still I'm really
hoping to get that 99 targa or that
target lacks because it's looking pretty
rough and I don't think there's going to
be too many people interested in that
and there's missing a side cover it's
missing the cylinder head and the CD i
think is missing as well but i would
like to get it and have a look see what
if i can get 400 bucks man no problem
anyway I'm lines Kapil from Lance campo
calm and stay tuned for part 2 of
motorcycle auction in Montreal I can see
the owner outside right now having a
cigarette he looked bummed